Update docs on closing accounts (#1842)
gruntwork-io/docs: _docs-sources/foundations/landing-zone/manage-accounts.md

### Remove an AWS account

> We recommend using AWS Organizations interface for closing an account and destroying all of its resources for a smooth experience due to current flakiness of the AWS Service Catalog when performing deletes via OpenTofu/Terraform providers. See the steps below for the complete sequence of actions to remove an account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the AWS Console Organizations interface for closing an account and destroying all of its resources, due to current flakiness of the AWS Service Catalog when performing deletes via OpenTofu/Terraform providers. See the steps below for the complete sequence of actions to remove an account.
```

:::note
AWS Organizations will permanently [close an account](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/accounts/latest/reference/manage-acct-closing.html) after 90 days.
:::

#### 1. (Optional) Destroy resources in the account to be removed

You may choose or need to destroy some or all of your provisioned resources, if the resources are managed by Terragrunt in your infrastructure repository which has Gruntwork Pipelines integrated, you can destroy them by doing the following:

1. Checkout a new branch in the infrastructure repository
1. Remove the folder(s) containing the resources you want to destroy

> 1. Commit your changes and create a Pull Request which will trigger Gruntwork Pipelines to destroy the resource once the Pull Request is merged.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should call out that they should avoid deleting any roles or the OIDC provider here so that they don't accidentally remove their ability to complete deletions.

:::note
AWS Organizations will permanently [close an account](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/accounts/latest/reference/manage-acct-closing.html) after 90 days.
:::

#### 1. (Optional) Destroy resources in the account to be removed

You may choose or need to destroy some or all of your provisioned resources, if the resources are managed by Terragrunt in your infrastructure repository which has Gruntwork Pipelines integrated, you can destroy them by doing the following:

1. Checkout a new branch in the infrastructure repository
1. Remove the folder(s) containing the resources you want to destroy
1. Commit your changes and create a Pull Request which will trigger Gruntwork Pipelines to destroy the resource once the Pull Request is merged.

    :::danger
    Make sure you are deleting the correct resources in the right account and that you have a backup of any data you may need in the future.

>     Do not delete the OIDC provider and Pipelines IAM roles except you longer need Gruntwork Pipelines to deploy changes to any other resource in the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is not recommended that you delete the AWS IAM OIDC provider or the AWS IAM roles used by Pipelines within the AWS account before closing the account. This ensures that you can continue to use Pipelines to manage resources within it (including destroying resources) prior to its full closure.
```
